# Chinavaison The idea is to keep everything in PHP modules and light as possible. I'll share with you my reasoning. M2 CE is out and very capable of handling 90% of the issues vendors face. What happened is M was bought by E and, they want to profit off of holding the other 10% functionality. The pricing model is like $1k a month for them to host CE, $10k a month for EE or something along those lines. A lot of the problem with S was $1M dev cost and a cluster F of costs in code and server maintenance. I know what the merchants are going to ask for out of M2 before they'll ever ask, and I also know things they would never think to ask. My cost for running M and M2 this year on a small server has been $1 including the domain name. Next year would be about $100. My point is there's a huge gap between being able to charge $100 and $10000 a month for these functions. There's certain functions that E will never put into M2 EE for a bunch of conflicting business reasons. i.e. if they significantly improve SEO function of Google in M2 they will shoot their main business in the foot. So I think the focus should be on improving something that there is a large community base for and selling the service as a HOST. Selling the components as modules will do nothing but get us robbed by the big dogs. Even if you can only start with 15 mins a day I think theres millions up in here. I hate to be so cryptic, this will be my last public mod if you actually read this let me know and we'll move to a private bitbucket repo. I know you work with programmers just remember Loose Lips Sink Boats or some shit. Whatever you want to work there forever or retire on a yacht at 40?
